Fix issue in SMS-OTP disable option (#2974)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/guides/mfa/2fa-sms-otp.md

    ![supported-by-default](../../../assets/img/guides/supported-by-default.png)

5. To verify whether the option is available for the users, navigate to a user 
    profile of a user and check whether the **Disable SMSOTP** option is available.
    
    ![user-disable-smsotp](../../../assets/img/guides/user-disable-smsotp.png)

> 6. Enter **True** for the Disable SMSOTP option and click **Update**, in the user profile to Disable the SMS OTP.	

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. To disable SMS OTP in the user profile, enter **True** in the **Disable SMSOTP** field and click **Update**.	
```
